Improve DEVELOP.rst (#717)
crate/crate-admin: DEVELOP.rst

###############
Developer guide
###############

*****
Setup
*****

Install Node.js locally::

    python3 -m venv .venv
    source .venv/bin/activate
    pip install -U pip
    pip install nodeenv
    nodeenv --python-virtualenv --node=15.10.0

Install the package dependencies::

    npm install

*****
Tests
*****

> You can run the tests like::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the tests, use the following commands::
```

    npm test

***********************
Development environment
***********************

Quickstart
==========

Start CrateDB::

    npm run cratedb

Start the development server on port ``9000``::

    npm run develop

> After the application has been compiled and the Webpack development server was
> started, the process should automatically open a browser tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the application has been compiled and the Webpack development server has
started, the process should automatically open a browser tab.
```

Description
===========

You should now be able to access the app at: http://localhost:9000/

Connecting to CrateDB
---------------------

You will need to enable *Cross-Origin Resource Sharing* in your `CrateDB
configuration`_ to test the Admin UI against it::

    http.cors.enabled: true
    http.cors.allow-origin: "*"

> The quickest way to spin up an instance like that is probably to use Docker::
> 
>     docker run -it --rm --publish 4200:4200 crate/crate:nightly -Chttp.cors.enabled=true -Chttp.cors.allow-origin=*
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A quick way to spin up an instance of this is to use Docker::

    docker run -it --rm --publish 4200:4200 crate/crate:nightly -Chttp.cors.enabled=true -Chttp.cors.allow-origin=*

```

> 

Reviewer 2: This section confuses me. The above sections tells me that I can/should start crate by `npm run cratedb`.
So its already started including the cors config.
I guess this section should server as an alternative to `npm run cratedb`, so we should definitly highlight it as as alternative ;)

Reviewer 2: Or maybe delete it completely and just talk about the `base_uri` in order to connect to different instances

Author: > I guess this section should server as an alternative to `npm run cratedb`.

That was its original intention, right.

> Or maybe delete it completely and just talk about the `base_uri` in order to connect to different instances.

You are right. I amended this again on behalf of 87c99096c.

This  ``base_uri`` parameter is intended for development use only.

**********************
Development operations
**********************

Adding new dependencies
=======================

> In order to add application dependencies, just invoke::

Reviewer: I recommend against using "just", as it does have a slightly patronising tone.

Try:

"To add application dependencies, invoke::"

If the dependency is an angular module, it should also be included in ``MODULES``
in ``./app/app.module.js``

> In order to add development dependencies, just invoke::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add development dependencies, invoke::
```

The `tutorial plugin`_ is loaded by the default configuration.

********
Building
********

> In order to compile the app without development mode, just invoke::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compile the app without development mode, invoke::
```
